BUILD_INSTRUCTIONS.md, before:

# StorySage iOS - Build Instructions

## Current Status

The app has been converted to a fully serverless architecture with all content bundled in the app. All network dependencies have been removed.

## Build Steps

1. **Open the Project**
   ```bash
   cd /Users/efmbpm2/repos/StorySage/iOS
   open StorySage.xcodeproj
   ```

2. **Add Resources to Xcode**
   - In Xcode, right-click on the StorySage folder in the navigator
   - Select "Add Files to StorySage..."
   - Navigate to the Resources folder that's now in StorySage/Resources
   - Select the entire Resources folder
   - **IMPORTANT**: Choose "Create folder references" (NOT "Create groups")
   - Make sure "Copy items if needed" is checked
   - Add to target: StorySage
   - Click "Add"

3. **Verify Resources**
   - The Resources folder should appear as a blue folder in Xcode
   - Expand it to verify Audio/ and Data/ subfolders are present
   - Check Build Phases → Copy Bundle Resources to ensure all files are included

4. **Clean and Build**
   - Clean build folder: Product → Clean Build Folder (⇧⌘K)
   - Build: Product → Build (⌘B)

## What Was Changed

1. **Removed Network Dependencies**
   - Deleted NetworkManager.swift
   - Deleted AudioCacheManager.swift
   - Deleted AudioPlayer.swift (replaced with LocalAudioPlayer)
   - Deleted APIEndpoint.swift
   - Deleted APIError.swift (duplicate)
   - Deleted MigrationHelper.swift

2. **Updated All References**
   - All views now use LocalAudioPlayer instead of AudioPlayer
   - All data operations use LocalDataProvider
   - Audio files are loaded from bundle, not downloaded

3. **Added Resources**
   - 20 MP3 audio files in Resources/Audio/
   - Story data in Resources/Data/stories.json
   - Category data in Resources/Data/categories.json
   - Metadata in Resources/Data/metadata.json

## Known Issues

- 7 audio files are missing (2nd grade stories)
- These can be added later by updating the Resources folder

## Testing

1. Run on simulator
2. Verify all stories load without network
3. Test audio playback
4. Check that progress saves locally
5. Test in Airplane Mode to confirm offline functionality

## Next Steps

1. Add missing audio files when available
2. Submit to TestFlight for beta testing
3. Prepare for App Store submission

Commit message:

Fix Xcode project file to resolve build errors
- Removed references to deleted network-related files
- Added all local implementation files to project
- Created Data group in Core
- Updated Sources build phase
- Fixed syntax issues in project file

Build should now succeed after adding Resources folder in Xcode

BUILD_INSTRUCTIONS.md, after:

# StorySage iOS - Build Instructions

## Current Status

The app has been converted to a fully serverless architecture with all content bundled in the app. All network dependencies have been removed. The project file has been updated to include all necessary local implementation files.

## Build Steps

1. **Open the Project**
   ```bash
   cd /Users/efmbpm2/repos/StorySage/iOS
   open StorySage.xcodeproj
   ```

2. **Add Resources to Xcode**
   - In Xcode, right-click on the StorySage folder in the navigator
   - Select "Add Files to StorySage..."
   - Navigate to the Resources folder that's now in StorySage/Resources
   - Select the entire Resources folder
   - **IMPORTANT**: Choose "Create folder references" (NOT "Create groups")
   - Make sure "Copy items if needed" is UNCHECKED (files are already there)
   - Add to target: StorySage
   - Click "Add"

3. **Verify Project Structure**
   - All local implementation files should now be visible in Xcode:
     - LocalAudioPlayer.swift in Core/Audio
     - LocalDataProvider.swift in Core/Data
     - All component files in Shared/Components
   - The Resources folder should appear as a blue folder icon

4. **Clean and Build**
   - Clean build folder: Product → Clean Build Folder (⇧⌘K)
   - Delete derived data if needed: ~/Library/Developer/Xcode/DerivedData
   - Build: Product → Build (⌘B)

## What Was Changed

1. **Removed Network Dependencies**
   - Deleted NetworkManager.swift
   - Deleted AudioCacheManager.swift
   - Deleted AudioPlayer.swift (replaced with LocalAudioPlayer)
   - Deleted APIEndpoint.swift
   - Deleted APIError.swift (duplicate)
   - Deleted MigrationHelper.swift

2. **Updated All References**
   - All views now use LocalAudioPlayer instead of AudioPlayer
   - All data operations use LocalDataProvider
   - Audio files are loaded from bundle, not downloaded

3. **Added Resources**
   - 20 MP3 audio files in Resources/Audio/
   - Story data in Resources/Data/stories.json
   - Category data in Resources/Data/categories.json
   - Metadata in Resources/Data/metadata.json

## Known Issues

- 7 audio files are missing (2nd grade stories)
- These can be added later by updating the Resources folder

## Testing

1. Run on simulator
2. Verify all stories load without network
3. Test audio playback
4. Check that progress saves locally
5. Test in Airplane Mode to confirm offline functionality

## Next Steps

1. Add missing audio files when available
2. Submit to TestFlight for beta testing
3. Prepare for App Store submission
